[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: In my last
conversation with Dr. Donese
Worden, we dove into the
truth about cancer therapies.
It was a story
with not only hope,
but the fact that our
understanding of cancer
has turned a corner.
Today we add the
element of energy
into the story,
and healing pain,
among many, many other chronic
conditions, of which cancer
really is a chronic condition.
>>DONESE WORDEN: That's true.
>>REGINA: So it's just
another chronic condition.
And, I mean, before
we go into anything,
let's talk about the
nature of chronic.
Because our medical system
treats everything as though
it's--
well, only symptomatic.
Right?
But in fact, give us an
array of all of the diseases
we deal with that are in
fact chronic by nature,
and that should be
treated in a way that
is appropriate for that.
Long term.
>>WORDEN: All the big ones.
You mentioned
cancer, but diabetes,
cardiovascular disease,
autoimmune, rheumatoid
arthritis-- all of
the big diseases
that we deal with are chronic
degenerative diseases.
And many of them can
respond very well
to alternative lifestyles
and natural therapies.
>>REGINA: Right.
I mean, because really, we're
throwing a Band-Aid on it.
Just masking symptoms
with traditional medicine
almost all the time.
And you're both a traditional
and naturopathic doc.
You're an MD-- a
naturopathic MD.
You know both
sides of the story.
>>WORDEN: Right.
So I tell patients,
they'll say, well,
this medicine-- they'll come in,
we'll have a list of medicines
when they first come
in, and I'll say,
is this one helping you?
First, why are you on it?
No, I don't know.
First of all, that's not good.
And second of all, if you do
know why it is, is it helping?
And they'll say,
I don't think so.
Then why are we still on it?
But if they do
think it's helping,
then I have to explain it's
like leaving a fire going
and turning the fire alarm off.
Your body will give
you another symptom
somewhere else if you're
not paying attention
to the original one.
We're not about masking or
turning off fire alarms.
We're about finding
what's causing that fire,
and let's fix that.
>>REGINA: Right.
And unfortunately, the model
most people are plugged into
is about turning
off the fire alarm.
>>WORDEN: In reality, some,
if you turn off the fire alarm
and they feel better for a
short period of time, hopefully
the body will heal itself
in that time period anyway.
I think it is Hippocrates
says, you know, we just--
we're dealing with
your mind, keeping
your mind busy with
medicine while the body does
the healing.
And that's that truth
with modern medicine
and traditional
medicine as well.
Even though they may
be masking a symptom,
it might be long enough for
you to think that you're well,
so the body can actually heal.
>>REGINA: OK, now I
have a little theory.
>>WORDEN: OK.
>>REGINA: When it comes
to colds, all right?
And I get a cold
every, maybe, I don't
know, maybe every 18
months or two years
I'll get an actual cold.
Right?
And my theory is that
if you take a reliever,
like an anticongestant
or whatever,
and you feel better, that
I will heal better faster,
because I feel better.
Rather than feeling
crummy and just
having it drag on, because
then I think I'm sick.
>>WORDEN: And that's
what I'm talking about.
Those kinds of gains--
>>REGINA: The gap.
>>WORDEN: The gap.
That placebo effect,
which is real, by the way.
Because when we believe
something is working,
or we believe
we're better, we're
releasing our own pharmacy,
so it is working, right?
But you want to leave a fever.
The only thing I'd say about
that is, if you have a fever,
leave that alone.
Don't bring that down.
That is your body's immune
system doing its fight.
>>REGINA: I do do that.
>>WORDEN: But all the other
stuff, yeah, you know--
>>REGINA: The runny
nose and all that.
>>WORDEN: Sleep better-- yeah.
Right.
And I'm OK with that.
>>REGINA: It's the first time
I've actually asked anyone,
because I tend not to go
to doctors to begin with,
but thank you for sharing that.
And so, to me, what
has always been
fascinating is that if
you look at the human body
on an atomic level, there
isn't any mass there.
We're all energy.
We're all space.
>>WORDEN: That's right.
>>REGINA: Every single atom in
the body is space and energy.
And space that interfaces
with information of all kinds,
right?
>>WORDEN: That's exactly right.
>>REGINA: So that
is where I wanted
to launch into why energy
medicines are so incredibly
effective.
Because they have
been so marginalized
since Dinshah Color Therapy.
Rife, and the beautiful work
he was doing, and on and on
through our modern history.
Let's talk about the
history of energy medicine--
>>WORDEN: Right.
>>REGINA: --all
the way up to now,
and the incredible advances
in energy medicine.
But first, set the
template as to why it's
so effective in the human body.
>>WORDEN: Well, you prefaced
that by talking about,
we are energy.
We're all energy.
Every cell talks to one another.
They're not separate.
The knee bone is
connected to the shinbone,
like the old song, right?
But everything is connected.
And if you do something
to shake one molecule,
it shakes the entire tree,
which is our entire body.
There's many ways
to get to that.
Emotionally,
spiritually, physically.
Many ways to tap into that
energy system of ours.
We look at, in
traditional medicine,
the cardiovascular systems--
we have a blood flow,
we have a lymphatic flow, and
we have the nervous system.
There's an entire other system.
And it's like a
tensegrity system.
And that energy
body, which now we're
starting where we can
measure pieces of that
to know that it is real.
We can quantify
that energy body.
Now, let's start working there.
Because there are
no real side effects
if you're giving the body
the energy, or at least
the communication that
it needs, to heal.
And again, many ways to do that.
You've mentioned a few.
Color therapy, music,
all these things.
Because that, again,
is just talking
to this tensegrity system.
It's kind of like a matrix.
And I talk to the
patients about,
your body has a matrix outside
of your nervous system,
and your blood, and all
these things which we
don't talk about in medicine.
But this is the most
exciting piece of medicine
that I work with.
And that's my favorite topic.
And even when I'm lecturing
for medical doctors
or other physicians with
our medical education,
my favorite subject
to lecture on
is teaching the energy medicine.
The energetic body.
And a good place for
your listeners to go
is James Oschman,
who's written a book--
"Energy Medicine: The
Scientific Basis."
It's an easy read,
it's a fun read,
and it gives you some of
the science behind some
of the studies and the
concepts that we'll
be talking about today.
>>REGINA: And so are you
speaking of the acupuncture
meridians system,
or beyond that?
Something that
supersedes even that,
that interpenetrates that all.
>>WORDEN: Right.
So it's beyond that.
So the acupuncture meridians
we see as kind of portals
to tap into this whole matrix.
So if you look at, like,
a bunch of little squares.
And those acupuncture meridians
that we studied in school
and have been around
for thousands of years,
there's just good ways in.
So if I'm putting
a needle there,
or I'm putting a laser
there, any energy
tapping into that portal talks
to the rest of the matrix
easier and better.
>>REGINA: And I'm with you.
I have been fascinated
with it for many years.
And my fascination started
originally with color therapy,
about 25 years ago.
And I was obsessed with it.
Read every book I could find.
Gave little--
>>WORDEN: Mandel.
>>REGINA: --gave
little lectures on it.
Right.
>>WORDEN: Right.
>>REGINA: So because this
is a passion of yours,
you functionally work with it.
You have a clinic that's--
what is the name of
your clinic again?
>>WORDEN: I have
two medical clinics.
Repower Medical Clinic, where I
see my medically-based patients
that want naturopathic medicine,
or pain management, whatever
they're coming for.
And then I have a new
clinic called Lite Life,
and those will be replicated
across the United States.
And those really are
about energy medicine.
It's a lite life in using
cold lasers and frequency
medicine for different things.
Mostly those are looking
into natural ways
of natural aesthetics.
Because people are
looking for a way there,
and I want to guide them into
understanding that you can
build your own collagen.
You can work on things
that aesthetically you're
not really pleased with.
But if you don't
want the surgery,
if you don't want the Botox,
if you don't want the fillers,
there's ways for us to age
gracefully and with ease,
and to look healthy.
And that's what those
clinics are based upon.
And it is using
frequency medicine.
>>REGINA: And it's interesting,
because we think about,
one is vanity and the other
is health, but in reality--
>>WORDEN: They're all health.
>>REGINA: --it's all health.
Because even with the
mind/body connection,
as we're living longer
and longer now--
not necessarily better and
better-- but some people
are living longer and
better, because they're
starting to understand
the nature of health.
You know, it's a challenge,
as people go through the aging
process, to see they don't
look like they feel anymore.
>>WORDEN: That's exactly right.
>>REGINA: And then that starts
bringing kind of a negative
element of thinking
in, that is starting--
>>WORDEN: That's right.
I look in the mirror.
I must be getting
old, because I sure
don't feel like that person.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
>>WORDEN: And so that is
part of our spiritual,
emotional-- you'd
like to say that we
were so spiritually connected
that it wouldn't matter.
That it doesn't matter.
And that is--
>>REGINA: But it does.
>>WORDEN: --what we're
all striving for.
But until we get
there, I'd like to look
as well as I can
look, in health,
without negative consequences.
I'm not a fan of Botox.
It's the most potent
neurotoxin known to man.
I think in the long run we're
going to look back and go,
why were we doing that?
I could be wrong.
But in the meantime, my
intuition as a physician tells
me I'm not a fan of Botox.
>>REGINA: OK.
So I heard a story I was told
by a man who knew this woman.
And he actually helped her
daughter win a large beauty
pageant that had significant
effect on her chances
at marriage in life, and that
was the whole point, right?
The girl and the mother.
And the mother had started
using massive amounts of Botox.
And what he said
happened to her is,
everything became weaker
and weaker and weaker
as a result of it.
And she ended up aging
incredibly rapidly,
because all of her face, and
neck, whatever she was doing,
lost all of its tonality.
So while we're on
that subject, let's
go ahead and talk about what
is actually happening there.
>>WORDEN: So whether it's
chemical peels, whether it's
a hot laser, anytime
you do damage
to the cells, when
it sloughs off,
you can look shiny and
pretty for a while.
But in the meantime, you've
taken off the protective layer.
And in the long run, you'll
have more laxicity, maybe.
It depends on the technique.
Some of them actually
can help build
some collagen. But some
laxicity, and thinner skin.
When you look at
the Hollywood stars
and you see them start looking
gray, thin, thin skin from so
many procedures, the reason
why they're looking gray
is they thin the skin so much
there's no collagen left,
and you can see the
blue vessels, like you
can see your blue veins in
your arms, with that thin skin.
So my philosophy is, we
want to build collagen. I
don't want to slough too much.
We can use some natural
exfoliants, that kind of thing,
lightly.
But if you're really,
really thinning the skin,
in the long run, that may not
be the best thing for people.
>>REGINA: Right.
OK.
Well, now, you got into
energy medicine, not--
and we'll go back to
this subject, because I'm
sure a lot of our viewers
are interested in ways
they can stay as youthful
as possible without damaging
themselves.
But you did this originally
for pain management.
And you've worked
in some research,
and let's talk about
energy medicine and pain.
And then also other
enchronic disease,
such as rheumatoid
arthritis and such.
>>WORDEN: So I
personally got involved--
I had a family member
that had a stroke,
and there was
absolutely nothing,
even at this point
in time, that,
in traditional system, that
we have a lot to offer those
people.
And that's what--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>REGINA: --the faces.
>>WORDEN: Well,
neurologically, they
couldn't walk, couldn't
move their arm, leg,
and couldn't speak.
Aphasia.
And had the drop.
But it was a quality of life,
of how to help this person.
And I was actually in
medical school at the time.
And I went to a
chiropractor friend of mine,
and I said this is
what's going on.
What do you have?
And he says, well, there
are these cold lasers,
and they work neurologically
to help rebuild,
and I said let's do it.
Because we're using
it with athletes
to make them faster,
stronger, better.
Neurologically connect things
so that they could work.
I said, why are we not using
the same kinds of technologies
on these neurologically
damaged patients?
So I started working
with it at that point,
and brought that patient
to a full function of life,
and doing well.
Some neurological
damage, just because she
wasn't willing to do all
the work that she really
needed to do mechanically.
But came back to a very
good quality of life.
So that got me
interested, and I started
studying then the
Russian technologies,
the Russian science that
had been done on frequency
medicine, because I
clinically saw it working,
and I wanted to know more.
>>REGINA: What was happening
with the cold laser
on the neurological system?
>>WORDEN: So Tiina Karu out of
Russia probably, to this point,
has still done the most studies
on cold laser frequencies.
And when we talk about
frequency medicine,
there's a lot of
devices out there.
I've worked with
the Russian device
SCENAR, the actual SCENAR
devices, that was developed
for their Russian technology.
I've lectured on
that, done that.
There are other
knock-offs of that.
There are many devices
that can be helpful.
But the most studies
that we have to date
have been done on cold lasers.
On frequency.
And we're looking at the
specific frequencies,
and what they do.
Some we know, some
we do not know.
And in the world
of energy medicine,
there's a lot of urban legend.
Let's use this frequency
for this, and this for that.
And I've looked.
And I've said, well,
where is that coming from?
Do we really have any
knowledge on that?
Some of it we do.
We know 16 Hertz is
where muscle contracts.
We know what that does.
We know with PEMF--
that's a pulse
magnetic frequency--
that's used in
traditional medicine,
when we have bones that
aren't healing and coming
together again.
We know those frequencies.
We know those modalities.
So it's real.
We're not looking at it
in traditional medicine
as a technology to
use this medicine.
It's still diagnostic.
What do you think an MRI is?
It's looking at the magnetic
resonance of the body.
We're using frequency
medicine traditionally
to really diagnose, but very
few instances in treatment.
So I'm excited, being
able to have the exposure
that I do to many
of these devices,
and it's hard to
keep up with them.
There's a one every day.
So my first question is, do you
have any science or research,
or which technology are are
you kind of based off of?
So I at least have a starting
point to look at them.
But I will tell
you that the most--
and I'll use the word
miraculous, which is not
supposed to be said in
traditional medicine,
but I'm not traditional.
OK?
The most miraculous
recoveries and things
that I have seen in
instantaneous healings
have been happening
from frequency medicine
with patients.
That's the fastest medicine,
because it's instantaneous.
One cell talks to the whole.
>>REGINA: And there was
that famous photograph
from the 1930s, with
a gentleman lined up
around a banquet table, Royal
Ramon Rife at the center of it,
saying, the end of cancer.
And he was having
miraculous results.
As a result of-- and we're
going to get into microscopy
in a little bit--
as a result of being able
to ascertain the frequency
range of given diseases.
But that was shut
down immediately.
>>WORDEN: Yes.
>>REGINA: And that-- to me,
that was one of, I'd say,
the greatest crimes
in history, if we're
looking at total numbers of
death that have occurred that
could have been avoided.
>>WORDEN: And I will say that
Rife frequency medicine is
still-- in
traditional world, you
wouldn't be allowed to say,
or even be wanting to say,
that you are using
Rife frequencies.
That being said, cold laser
technologies, the cold lasers
that I particularly
work with, I can put
into the tenth decimal point.
Why do you think I
have the ability--
and those have been
built along the ability
to go to the tenth
decimal point?
It's because we can utilize
some of the frequencies that
have history behind it.
Not documented science
in traditional medicine
today, but have
history in healing.
And I personally have worked
with those, with patients,
and have had good--
great effect.
I'm not an expert
in Rife frequency,
but I utilize the frequencies,
is what I would say.
>>REGINA: And-- OK.
And this may or may
not make a difference,
but I do know the
individual that
has the original handwritten
notes of Rife in those books.
And with the original
frequencies for each disease.
And also the protocols.
How that was used in the day.
So I don't know if
that matters to you,
but I could put
you two together.
>>WORDEN: And I have three
sets of Rife frequencies.
One probably is from your group
that you're talking about.
And everybody says
they've got the one,
and I'm assuming,
because I know you
and how diligent you
are in your research,
that you've got the real deal.
I may have, and I'd
love to look at it.
I will say that not knowing
at this point in time,
before you were
talking to me about it,
I utilize all three,
because my machine can put
in four different pods at once.
>>REGINA: So we'll just do four.
>>WORDEN: I use three or four--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
There you go.
>>WORDEN: And I may have
your set, I don't know.
But I will tell you that
I've had some things that
should not, in
traditional medicine
and in my head, when I started
working with it 15 years ago,
saying, I don't
see how that could
have happened this quickly.
Neurological damage,
a spinal canal
that had been damaged
and mechanically,
structurally, was crushed,
and could not conduct.
Now, we all know
plasticity, where
the body can find a
different way to map around,
and different ways to do that.
But that takes time.
You have to teach it.
You have to show the
brain where this is going.
To have something happen
with that kind of damage,
that mechanically I couldn't get
my head around how that body--
and this World War II vet is
a great example, named Leo--
came in, could not walk,
had severe bilateral pain
in both legs.
One treatment, and
got up and walked.
And I thought, OK, this is
a great example of placebo,
but I'm still
thinking, mechanically,
how is he doing this?
And he came back
three months later,
and I thought, wow, if he got
out of pain for three months,
this is my--
he said no, no, I'm
not back here for that.
I hurt myself in
my machine shop.
I want you to get that
Russian thing on me again.
And it was just
an example of how
miraculous the human body is.
If it has the right
signal in the right place
at the right time, it
can fix most anything.
Even if we, knowing what we know
about the human physical body,
can't get our head
wrapped around it.
And I've seen that
over and over again.
There's times that it doesn't.
And there's all
kinds of obstacles
that can come in there.
But I love energy medicine.
So it's the wave of the future.
>>REGINA: Definitely.
And it was used in
the ancient past.
The didn't have
those, maybe some
of those electronic devices.
But it was well-known,
it was well
utilized through
simply light and color.
Through sunshine.
>>WORDEN: That's right.
>>REGINA: And so
what we're looking
at, it sounds like, is a means
of carrying information--
and everything is
information, right?
To the cells of the body--
>>WORDEN: That's right.
>>REGINA: --in a way
that has no resistance.
Unlike taking a drug that has to
go through the digestive system
and be interpreted.
Can you explain that to us?
>>WORDEN: It's an
immediate cascade.
So if we look at the
pyramids and all,
when that light was hitting
and refracting, that's a laser.
That is what it is.
That's a laser.
It's refracting that light
to get to a certain frequency
so it can get to the human body.
And you were told to stand
at a certain time of day
and let it hit you right
here for this issue.
That's what we're doing today.
You don't have to
go to the pyramids.
We've got it in devices
that we can utilize.
Again, I will caution that I
think there's a lot out there
that-- we've got to be careful.
Claims that are being made--
>>REGINA: We're going
to talk about this.
>>WORDEN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And we'll talk about
the various kinds of devices,
laser devices.
And one thing you're
really cautionary about
is not using these technologies
that tend to kill the cells,
while it's giving
its supposed effect.
So I want to launch in
and explain in detail
some of the technologies
we're talking about.
What it's actually
doing to the cells,
and where the problem with
that actually comes in.
Because some people would
say, well, I got the effect.
I don't care if
the cells are dead.
So let's launch in.
>>WORDEN: So you know,
there are lots of devices.
Let's stick with
laser for a minute,
because it's a good
teaching point.
Right?
There is hot lasers, and
then there's cold lasers.
Hot lasers have their
place for surgery.
You'd rather, most
of the time, have
a hot laser than a scalpel.
It heals better and faster.
It's still destroying tissue,
but it has a purpose, right?
There are hot technologies that
are being used aesthetically,
and that's to destroy,
let's say, a fat cell.
So these body contouring
systems that are out there.
>>REGINA: What are they called?
I mean, what are--
>>WORDEN: There's all kinds.
But the radio frequency
creates heat in the tissue
and destroys fat cells.
And cool therapies freeze the
cell and destroy the fat cells.
And you may say, that's great.
I want to get rid of
this fat cell pocket.
Fat cells are part of
your endocrine system.
Your hormone system.
They're important
signaling molecules.
For leptin, telling your body
whether to store fat or not.
Telling you whether I'm
hungry, I'm not hungry.
Our endocrine, our hormones,
are very important.
Very powerful molecules.
I don't like any therapy
that destroys any cells.
There are new technologies, like
a green laser, a cold laser--
doesn't create any heat,
doesn't cold or hot
destroy any tissues,
and it temporarily
opens up the adipose site.
That's the fat cell.
Opens up that membrane.
The excess fat.
Like, it used to be this
big when we were 16.
And now, they're this big.
In areas we don't want them.
>>REGINA: They're like ticks.
They just kind of plump up.
>>WORDEN: I wish you
could just pull them off.
>>REGINA: So they
plump up over time.
>>WORDEN: They
>>REGINA: Don't they also
plump up with toxins?
>>WORDEN: Yes, they do.
They also plump up and cause
their own-- especially visceral
fat.
That's the fat
around the organs.
That's that hard fat
that's not pinchable.
The man with the beer
belly, that has this.
That's the most
dangerous fat there is.
That in itself
causes inflammation.
That type of fat causes
inflammation in our body.
And we all know
inflammation is the root
of every chronic
degenerative disease
that we're talking about.
So when we're working
with frequency medicine,
to be able to open up
that, let it leak out
some of that excess fat, comes
back to normal function, if not
better function.
So it's better
metabolically active.
How do I know that?
I'm measuring it.
I'm looking at body
composition analysis,
looking at phase
contrast, and I'm
seeing, when somebody's
losing a spot, or a fat,
or a cellular-- what
are they losing?
If it's water, it's just
another fad diet, which
is detrimental in the long run.
No, what they're losing is fat.
And we can document that
it was fat that they lost.
Not water, not muscle.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's say your fat cells
have plumped up, right?
And now you want to
use, say, green--
because the green laser is
what you really are behind.
>>WORDEN: That is.
>>REGINA: So you're using green
laser to help open up the cell
and dump the
contents of the cell.
Does it completely
collapse the fat cell?
Or is it dumping toxins and
things that aren't fat out
of the cell?
What's it look like?
>>WORDEN: And so after the laser
treatment, immediately after,
there's a lymphatic program
that you have to do.
In that moment.
Because you've got to move
it out to the lymphatic.
So now that those
toxins and those things
can come out through
the bowel and the urine,
the places that we normally get.
And even sweat.
So it's a whole protocol.
It's not just throw the
laser on and you're done.
We want to make--
and if a person is toxic,
we will identify that first,
and maybe work on that before
we put them on the green laser.
Right?
So always, first
do no harm, always
let's do the right
thing for the patient.
And if there's a massive
amount of weight to be lost,
they're not a candidate for
these spot reduction things.
So this is for the person
who's doing things well,
and they've got a few little
spots that are bothering them
that just won't go away.
That's the perfect candidate
for these types of therapies.
Aesthetically.
Green laser also helps the
body build its own collagen.
That's why it's
working on cellulite.
That's why it's working
on tightening and firming.
So there's other techniques
and technologies that
do it, but at some expense.
>>REGINA: Well, what is the
expense of losing those cells?
You're saying they're no longer
available for the endocrine
system to interface with?
>>WORDEN: Right.
Right.
And we also know that there
are more warnings happening
on both ends of the cold and
the hot types of therapies
from the FDA, because it's
leaving, just like liposuction
would do, instead
of a smooth surface,
it's leaving a dimpled surface.
That is because of
problems with the collagen,
but problems with the
way that the fat cells
are able to expand or
not expand appropriately.
So I think we'll learn more.
Everybody's wanting
to do something.
And they're jumping in.
But we're seeing
problems with some
of these aesthetic procedures.
Doing it that way.
I'm comfortable with
the green laser,
because I've worked with red
laser for pain management
for many, many years.
I know what wavelength it's in.
It's in a normal range that
it's not close to UV, or X-ray,
so we're in that close,
normal, healthier range.
>>REGINA: And there
are a lot of-- like you
say, there's a new
technology coming out
by the week or month.
>>WORDEN: That's right.
>>REGINA: And what about
some of that these, kind of,
home devices?
Like the home SCENAR,
for pain management?
>>WORDEN: Right.
It depends on the device.
If it's the actual technology,
those SCENAR devices--
and that's an acronym for a
Self-controlled Ergonomic--
I studied with the Russians, and
studied with the Australians.
They came to America--
a group that was trying to
bring that over from Russia.
They heard me lecturing
at an energy--
on an energy medicine
lecture in Florida.
Came to show me, and I
said, show me the science.
And they gave me all
this Russian research.
And I said, OK, translate
a few for me, would you?
And they did.
And that was the actual
device that, with Leo--
I was telling you the story
of the World War II vet--
I said, bring your best
practitioner to my clinic.
I'll give you my worst patients.
They are still my patients,
because I've helped them.
They're doing better.
But I can't get there.
And when I saw what that
particular device was
doing beyond what I was already
doing, and I said I'm in.
I want to learn.
So I like the SCENAR devices.
The professional devices
are very difficult to use.
It takes a lot of training,
lots of time and effort.
We have newer devices
that have come out,
I think that are
easier to utilize.
There's some out of Australia.
There's some others.
Most people now are teaching
it from a voltage standpoint.
If a cell does not have
an appropriate voltage--
like cancer cells
would be low voltage.
We can see it.
So I have patients that
have known cancerous tumors,
and I can see exactly where
it is without their MRIs
in front of me.
Which, of course, we
want that as well.
But I can see where it is.
And it showed me that
that's actually true.
My device will
show a low voltage
in all those areas
of dysfunction.
Doesn't mean it's cancer,
but if it is cancer,
it's definitely low voltage.
It's an easy way to teach
physicians and patients.
If it's low voltage, you
need to give it some energy
so that it can heal and
properly come back to function.
But if you're
dealing with cancer,
you need someone who knows
and understands the devices,
and knows how to utilize them.
Because is it possible, if
you have an active cancer,
that some of these devices
could help replicate that?
Yes.
So doing the home devices
with cancer, I'm wary of.
>>REGINA: Yes, I
understand that.
>>WORDEN: Must know.
But I think that as we know
more and more about it,
it will become another one
of those great therapies
for cancer.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
And I interviewed
Dr. Jerry Tennant.
"Healing Is Voltage."
>>WORDEN: And he's all about
teaching it by voltage.
>>REGINA: He is.
And I find that a very
practical way to look at it.
>>WORDEN: It is.
>>REGINA: The cell's
out of energy.
>>WORDEN: That's right.
>>REGINA: Right?
And very little healing can
happen if you're out of energy.
>>WORDEN: It is.
That is an easy way to teach.
And I agree with Jerry
Tennant, in that there
are many other
aspects besides that,
like the matrix that
I was talking about,
and many other ways, especially
with the cold lasers,
with really documented
science behind it.
So it's a new area, so to speak.
But it's an old area, as you
mentioned at the beginning.
We've been using energy
medicine for a long time.
Now we have unique
cool devices, but we
need to do the studies
on them to prove
that the claims that are being
made around them are accurate.
>>REGINA: Right.
So before we go to the
Konstantin Korotkov
technology, what about, just
let's go retro for a moment.
I mean, there have
always been healers.
Hands-on healers.
Let's talk about the biofield of
the human body, with intention,
and electricity and such, that
comes out of our hands alone.
>>WORDEN: Right.
So there are some studies.
One study in
particular is a group
of scientists that
said, if this is true,
if there's hands-on healing
and this is happening,
we should be able to measure it.
So they did.
And they measure.
They can measure a
frequency coming out
of the healer's hand.
And they can also measure that
the patient, the person sitting
in front of them, started in
training with that frequency.
So we know that entrainment
is, my heart will start beating
with your heart in time.
Something that we do well.
But they measured
those frequencies.
And that range of that
frequency was around 7.8 Hertz.
It was a little above
and a little below.
What is 7.8 Hertz?
It's the same frequency of the
earth's electromagnetic field.
So go outside, if you want the
cheapest, least expensive way--
>>REGINA: Lay on the dirt, and--
>>WORDEN: Lay on-- take
your-- that's exactly right.
Take your shoes off, and
ground yourself with the Earth.
That is frequency
medicine right there.
So these hands-on
healers, they can do it.
But they found even the
experienced healers sometimes
would show some kind of
distress in their GI,
because it took so much
energy out of them.
And you'll hear that in
communities of the people
that work with this, right?
I get exhausted.
It drains me.
We've got to be careful.
We've got to be careful
if you're using that.
And not to say that
you completely shield,
but if you've got two
fairly healthy people
and you resonate
with one another,
the amplitude of
that healthy wave
is going to get
higher and higher.
But if we got somebody
who's very, very ill,
and their wave's down
here and yours is up here,
you're going to do
this, so that's going
to bring yours
down a little bit,
while you're bringing theirs up.
>>REGINA: Along the line
of what you were talking
about a moment ago, get
your feet out on the dirt,
there was a book that I
just absolutely adored,
called "The Goat
Doctor of the Sierras."
And this man was raised
by a very eccentric woman
in San Francisco who understood
the human elements of energy
healing.
She took this boy who had
lost a lung, to tuberculosis,
I believe, took him
to the Sierra Nevada,
and he slept in a
hollowed-out bed of dirt.
I mean, that's where he slept.
He was surrounded by
animals, including
goats, who he developed a very
deep telepathic relationship
with on a healing level.
She's told him,
grow his hair long,
so it could then
start picking up
the subtle electrical forces.
And this young man, besides
being an extraordinary story,
this man developed
incredible healing abilities,
and literally,
people would line up
and come from all over the
US out in this remote area
of the Sierra, and wait for
days to have his hands on touch.
But that is how he
recovered his own health.
>>WORDEN: Right.
And I think we all
have that ability.
It's just how
often do we get out
of the fluorescent
lights and the cell
phones and this and that, all
the disturbances that we have,
to really connect with
nature and ourselves?
And we have the
ability, but we've
chosen to have more
technology than connecting.
>>REGINA: Which is
the shame, than touch.
More technology than touch.
And it's how beautiful it would
be if, in our lives, we had,
whether it's a partner,
or friends, or kids,
whomever we're
comfortable with, to be
able to have a little laying on
of hands, day in and day out.
A little foot massage here.
>>WORDEN: And those
studies have been done.
The healing power of
touch, and just even a hug.
But I will say the good news is,
patients 10 years ago sitting--
and it's in my intake.
I'd ask, do you have
a spiritual practice?
I'm not ask if you go to church.
I'm not asking about religion.
I'm asking, do you
feel connected?
And emotionally.
And asking those questions.
It was always a little awkward
for them to talk about.
Now, it's like an
awakening is happening.
Patients are coming in and
they want to talk about it.
I had a contractor
the other day,
a 24-year-old, working
hard, young children,
contractor coming and
falling apart at the seams.
And I said, can you just
do some breathing with me?
And he said, well, you're
the only person I'd let--
I'd do this with.
You know, the tough guy to get.
He was sobbing at
the end, and then
now he comes by every so often
and says, you saved my life.
Something as simple as that.
People are wanting it.
They know they need it.
They just need to
have this opened up
to them to hear about it.
And that's the good news.
They're not as closed
off as they used to be.
People really are wanting to
touch, and hear, and feel,
and understand that the
Earth and nature are
some of our best healers.
>>REGINA: And each other.
>>WORDEN: That's right.
That's right.
>>REGINA: Now, let's go back
into the world of technology,
away from touch for a moment to
technology, and this GDV device
that we talked about, that
centers are opening based
on this, which is measuring
not only the biofield,
but the chakra field, the
vitality of the organs,
the energy output.
Let's talk about it.
>>WORDEN: So all of
those technologies
are just giving us more
and more information.
We're not just trying to look
just at the physical body.
We're looking at the field
outside of the body, which,
even in traditional
physics world,
is known to be able
to be measured.
It's not woo, we can measure it.
It exists-- this electromagnetic
field around the body.
Now, if we're starting
to tap into the spiritual
or the esoteric type world, now
you're looking at the chakras.
Are those energy wheels?
What are they?
Can we measure them?
And these new
technologies are starting
to measure them,
and correlate what
they see clinically or
emotionally happening
with the person, and then
collecting the data, and going,
this is what this may look like.
And it's a matter of
experimenting to find out
what they really look like.
For thousands of
years we've known
about these energy centers.
Different ways to work with it.
But it's really interesting
and fun to be able to see it.
And it's powerful for people
to see, oh, that's me.
This one's out of balance on me.
Instead of someone
just saying I feel it.
I can feel the presence,
and you need to work here.
And they go, OK, I think
I want to believe that,
but I'm not sure.
When they see
something physical,
a print out or whatever,
from a technology,
they're more likely to
pay attention to it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And so it's really--
that is a diagnostic tool.
But then, what is used as
its complement after that?
>>WORDEN: That's right.
So any-- a lot of the
devices will either
put back in, appropriately,
a frequency, or something
that the technology deems.
I've had a problem with
a lot of the technology
so far, because it's still
a software written by a man.
Somebody had to decide that
when the machine reads this,
this is what that means, and let
me put this frequency back in.
I was not ready to give up
my diagnostic as a human
to a machine.
But it is worthwhile information
to take, and say, I agree.
This looks like exactly
what I'm looking at.
And I think we're getting
better and better.
And these newer
technologies are getting
more and more precise in being
able to see and understand
that if I have this wave
and it needs to be here,
I know how to do that
and what it looks like.
But they are still
technology, and they are still
written and designed
and put together by--
>>REGINA: By people.
>>WORDEN: By people.
>>REGINA: Well, I was going to
say, back in the day, again,
going back to Rife, the beauty
of that day was the microscope.
The universal
microscope, which was
able to see full energetic
spectrums which reflected
color ranges and such, so you
could tell the frequency range
of whatever the condition was.
Right?
>>WORDEN: Right.
>>REGINA: And then apply--
and his notes were
written based on that,
in terms of what should be
applied back into the body.
Into the cells.
So that microscope
was confiscated,
and many things
happened to that.
There have been some
other interesting ones.
You know of some that are
under development now.
>>WORDEN: Right.
Right.
>>REGINA: Is it important
that the field of microscopy
reintroduce these technologies
for people like you to see--
to understand which
frequencies are working now?
>>WORDEN: I think it helps
open it up to the masses.
It helps open up the
field to more people,
to think that there's
a reality there.
That's what I think.
Is that there's still a lot
of, well, you can't prove it.
Show me the data.
Where is the information?
This is all a bunch
of urban legend.
So the more data we have,
the more ways of looking--
either a microscope, or being
able to measure with devices
that measure the field,
the electromagnetic field
around the body.
Being able to have
people like Bill Tiller
put together a
mathematical equation
to prove that intention can
be measured, and prove it
across the world.
And by the way, Bill is--
if I have a mentor, that's
who my mentor is, in frequency
and energetic medicine is Bill.
And he's a true scientist.
A true scientist.
You know, he is still
emeritus professor
in physics at Stanford.
So, you know, he really
wants to show the science,
because he understands
that to get more people
to understand and
to help more people,
we need to be able to get some
more quantification behind some
of these things
that we know work.
We know.
We know what this
is doing right here.
We know that it absorbs
energy at a [INAUDIBLE].
But how do we measure it, and
how do we really get it out
to the masses?
>>REGINA: Which is the only way
it's going to go to the masses.
>>WORDEN: That's right.
And we are about helping people.
So let's do the research.
Let's do more.
>>REGINA: OK, and I
have another question,
because you have
experience in this area.
And that is, is it possible that
various diseases, since Rife
put his notes together
in the '20s and '30s,
that since then,
they have actually
shifted in their
own frequency range
as a result of our interface
with RF frequencies,
EMF frequencies, et
cetera, et cetera.
Things have to be mutating.
So those notes may
not hold today.
We would have to do
this research again.
>>WORDEN: And that's a great--
great way of looking.
And that's why it comes
to the individual,
and being able to
individually measure someone
at these levels.
And where are they right now?
And where do we think
that they need to go?
And so even the earth's
electromagnetic field
has raised.
It was 7.8.
It was in a range,
but around 7.8.
That has risen.
So if the Earth's
magnetic field has risen,
how could that not
be affecting us?
Of course it is.
So we're looking for,
what kinds of technologies
can we come up with to be
able to look at an individual
and see where are
you out of balance?
And instead of individual
frequencies so much,
I like the idea of balance
as being able to see
is there in imbalance somewhere?
And it may not be
that this frequency is
good for my gallbladder, but
another one may be better
for your gallbladder.
It's about, where
is my imbalance?
And what can I do to try to
get my body back in balance?
And I think that's what I'd
like to see more research.
It's all about balance.
Just like hormones-- anything.
It's not about the
exact measurement.
Your testosterone level may
need to be higher than someone
else's for your optimal range.
But if your testosterone is
here and your estrogen's here,
we've got a problem.
About balance.
>>REGINA: Well, let's talk
about hormone therapy,
and hormone replacement therapy.
And, you know, of course
that's made the news plenty.
And then you're
talking about, kind of,
single-source pharmaceuticals
that have caused problems,
and increased cancer rates.
So what is your take on, for
longevity and well-being,
hormone replacement therapy?
>>WORDEN: The take is, we
don't have all the answers yet.
That's the take.
And do we think that
bioidentical is safer
than traditional standard?
Yes, we do.
And there's some research that
I know of that can prove that
out a little bit.
But I'm more, again,
about balance.
Because can I tell
you, of a certainty,
that if I give you a
bioidentical hormone, that that
is not going to grow a cancer?
No one can tell you that answer.
And if you're OK with that,
and you say, my quality of life
is horrible.
I cannot sleep.
I cannot do this.
And we can't balance
it by working
on your adrenal glands
and your liver, which
are a big piece of whether
hormones are balanced or not.
If we can't get to it
naturally, if we've
done everything
possible and you're
willing to take
that risk, then I
might be willing to
take that risk with you.
And watch you very carefully
to make sure those hormones are
in a range.
>>REGINA: Balanced.
Yeah.
>>WORDEN: Balanced and in
range, but even then, I
have to tell you,
there's no way for me
to tell you that this will
not be potentiating a cancer.
And the science is very clear.
I don't think we can
tell you otherwise.
And to say that a
hormone is going to cure?
Maybe.
But we don't know that yet.
We can't tell you that yet.
>>REGINA: OK.
So still, not enough research.
>>WORDEN: And it's
still enough research
that has been done to show
the detrimental effect.
I'm more cautionary on
hormones than most doctors
that do hormone therapy.
>>REGINA: OK.
I was going to ask
you this a moment ago.
The means of diagnoses.
Because you use several of them.
Let's talk about classic
ones, because one doctor
will say that's really
not that great a measure.
And so let's start with
dark field microscopy.
>>WORDEN: Right.
It was one of the best
patient motivators I had.
I studied dark field--
not live cell,
which is different.
That's just looking
at the cells,
and it's gotten a black
eye because a lot of people
try to do that to
sell supplements.
And that's the way it's
seen in the industry.
Dark field is looking
at that background,
and that's that whole
pleomorphic theory
that a bacterial form can turn
into a viral and into a fungal,
and they morph back and forth.
Seeing that under a microscope
makes our traditional medicine
of immunology completely--
>>REGINA: Obsolete.
>>WORDEN: --need to be obsolete,
and thrown out the door.
So you can understand
why that about--
it's been about eight or nine
years ago that I got a letter
from my board, medical board,
that said, OK, because OSHA--
that's the government
regulatory agency
that tells what kind
of lab certification
that you need to have, because
they don't know what this is,
or how to classify it.
And because you're
a doctor, you need
to either have this level
of lab, which would cost,
at that point,
almost $1 million--
an experimental lab, or
you need to stop doing it.
And so I had to stop doing it.
I put both of my
microscopes away,
and it was one of
the hardest things
I've done, because I
gathered so much information
from that dark field microscopy.
But as a physician, right now
I'm not allowed to use it.
But I wish that I could.
Because I learned a lot.
And it always
matched clinically,
and it gave me aha's that I
can't see in traditional blood
work.
I can't see it.
But I could see it
there, and then that
allowed me to go into more
in-depth traditional ways
of looking at things to find it.
And then prove it there.
>>REGINA: Right.
Now, that makes perfect sense.
>>WORDEN: I can't do it anymore.
>>REGINA: Oh.
OK.
That's a sad story.
>>WORDEN: That's a sad story.
>>REGINA: So let's go back
to live cell microscopy.
And if it's done properly,
if it's done well--
>>WORDEN: Again, live cell--
>>REGINA: --what
does it give you?
>>WORDEN: In
traditional medicine,
the only way that live
cell would be looked at
is that you can look
at whether we've
got a bacteria in
a urine, or a blood
to look at, that-- you
really just look at urine,
and whether you're anemic
or not, looking at the size
and the morphology of the
red blood cell itself.
All the other stuff
that people say--
I can see a
parasite, I can see--
that is not generally
seen in live cell.
So there is a lot, again, of
misnomers and myth out there
about what we can and
cannot see in live cell.
And I don't do live cell.
I don't do that, as well.
I want to do my
dark field again.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Is there any hope on
the horizon for that?
>>WORDEN: Not in the
immediate future.
>>REGINA: Why?
>>WORDEN: It would take a
very expansive IRB, which
is the Investigational
Review Board,
to be able to use
that on humans.
And to be able to look
at it, and lots of data.
You know, we looked at it.
A group of us looked
at that for a while.
Because I was on a board
for my naturopathic medicine
for investigational therapies,
that we were able to do this.
But whenever that came down
about OSHA, it was just who--
an individual
practitioner is not
going to afford a lab like that.
And you're not going to fund it.
Again, it's not something
that you can patent,
so what are you going
to do when you prove it?
You can't even
pay yourself back.
But there are practitioners
around the world
in other places that are
still using dark field.
There are.
People can find them.
They can even find them here.
>>REGINA: Oh, they can.
OK.
>>WORDEN: Germany-- yes.
Most of this was coming
out of Germany and Europe,
and that was some
of my teachers.
So Germany, probably,
is still the leader.
Dr. Enderlein is the one that
came up, that did dark field
and started looking at
this pleomorphic theory.
That these cells change
amongst themselves.
And that's what-- there was
a whole group of medicine--
Sanum-- that was
built along that.
And it's hard to get those
injectables into the country
now.
>>REGINA: Oh, yes.
But that was more kind of a
germ therapy related to that?
>>WORDEN: Somewhat.
But everything.
But yeah, we're looking at that
background, that dark field.
And to be able to see--
cancer looks like a fungal form.
Looks like a fungal cell.
And so if you're getting
better, that fungal form
turns back into bacterial,
and back into viral.
But again, this flies in the
face of mainstream medicine.
And I had two
microbiologists come
in when I had my
microscopes, and I
said, come tell me what
you think you're seeing.
And they would sit--
one sat there for hours.
And came and said, I--
>>REGINA: --don't even
believe what I'm seeing.
>>WORDEN: --it's got
to be an artifact.
And I said, what do
you really think?
And he said, I--
>>REGINA: It doesn't
work like that.
>>WORDEN: It doesn't work like
that, and I can't explain it,
so I don't know what I'm seeing.
And so that's the problem.
It's so completely against
our system of medicine.
Now, you either
get an anti-viral,
you get an antibacterial,
and an antifungal medicine.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
30 years ago, I was out in
the field with a cameraman,
in Europe, hunting down
energy medicine sources,
and came across a man--
Steven Ross, whom I've
interviewed a few times.
He and I were on the same
hunt at the same time,
which is how he became so
involved with energy medicine,
looking for the same obscure
players that people in the US
aren't aware of.
And I was doing it as
a pilot for a series.
Anyway.
The point is, we met with a man
named Bernard Mauchline, an MD
working with energy medicine,
and in companionship
with a man named
Kurt Olbrich, who had
invented a new Rife-type scope.
The Ergonom 400.
And that scope--
I watched film of exactly
what you were talking about.
That morphing.
>>WORDEN: That's right.
>>REGINA: And again,
medical doctors
would deny it,
looking right at it.
>>WORDEN: Microbiology,
modern medicine--
>>REGINA: To keep us stuck.
>>WORDEN: That's-- yeah.
They just can't look at it
and say artifact, and have--
But the electron microscope
used in traditional--
you look at what's happening
under an electron microscope?
That's talking
about this matrix.
That's looking at this matrix
that we're talking about.
>>REGINA: Well, and
another one called
the nemoscope came along, and
that was looking at it live.
Now, that is where my
mind really lit up.
Because it was showing
the molecular--
energetic molecular
structure of elements,
including, like, iron.
But it shows this movement
in a hexagonal pattern
of the energy, back to the
sacred geometrical energetic
life force in all of our bodies.
In everything.
>>WORDEN: I know.
I just-- it's the
funding that's needed
to prove the things
that we already know,
that have been
around for millennia.
>>REGINA: Well, they'd
have to also stop
killing the people that
create the technologies.
>>WORDEN: That would help.
>>REGINA: And confiscating
their technology
and using it for military
weaponization, which is what
they did with the nemoscope.
>>WORDEN: You know, any
time that anything flies
in the face of the
standard of the way
that it is, it's going
to-- you have got
to be tough to withstand that.
And the brave souls that
continue to say that message,
and not be afraid to
say it, and go forward.
It's just the way
it has always been.
>>REGINA: Right.
It threatens the establishment.
>>WORDEN: It threatens it.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's go on to-- a little more
mundane, now-- but it's OK.
Saliva tests.
Because a lot of doctors
work really now with saliva,
even over blood.
So the advantages--
so people that
are going in for these tests
know what they're dealing with.
>>WORDEN: Right.
Saliva test I like,
if we're looking
at cortisol or hormones.
It's showing rhythms
night and day.
And those are important.
But the standard
still, if you're
going to prescribe
something, the blood
is more accurate for the actual
number to prescribe from.
Right?
But you can do an AM
and a PM cortisol.
So my patients, if
they have insurance,
I want to use that insurance
for their purposes.
So if I do and AM
and a PM cortisol,
it's showing me that cycle.
Whereas if I was
doing the saliva,
they would have to pay cash.
And it would show
me the same cycle.
So I do a lot of blood testing
under insurance when I can.
Not to negate the effect of how
well saliva can work for us.
But if I'm looking at
the patient's pocketbook,
I try to use the
least expensive that
gives me the same information.
>>REGINA: No, and that's
a very considerate way
to look at it on
behalf of the patient.
We have about five
minutes left, and we've
talked about so
many things, and I
would like to really
allow you to give us
a portrait of someone
coming in, in terms
of the way in which you might
blend these therapies together.
From nutraceuticals to
energy devices to mind/body,
and so forth.
Maybe take one of
your favorite cases
that just looked
hopeless, so that we can
see how it works functionally.
>>WORDEN: You know,
sometimes it's
a lot easier than you
think, if you really
listen to the patient.
And I think that's
what we've lost.
A patient comes to see me,
they've got an hour and a half.
And they've already
filled out an intake
that took them already
another hour to fill out.
And I know that intake,
and I know those questions.
And by looking at every
piece of them-- emotionally,
spiritually,
physically, mentally--
by looking at that, and knowing
what their belief system is,
then I can work.
If I told an 80-year-old
that I wanted
to do food allergy
testing on them
and they were going
to have to stop
eating their favorite
food, that's probably not
going to go over really well.
>>REGINA: Right.
That's maybe their
last pleasure.
>>WORDEN: And that's
not the right medicine,
even though it would
be the right medicine.
That may be what's
causing their symptoms.
If I get a certain 80-year-old
that says, I don't care,
you test it, I'm willing to
do anything, then we'll do it.
So it's really the belief
system of the patient, what
their pocketbook is allowing
them to do, what can I
get covered under insurance
that doesn't cost them
anything, and look there.
But I pride myself in
my diagnostic ability.
And that's putting all of these
dots, and connecting them.
And if you have to leave
with a bag of supplements,
and patients come in with
bags and bags, I still think,
even though it's a natural
way of treating it,
you haven't found the
root of the problem.
And if you're
taking more than two
or three nutraceutical
or supplements,
I think maybe it's too much.
And if you're still
having symptoms,
you haven't found the
root of that problem.
Usually, once you find
what's causing the symptom
and you fix that,
everything gets better.
And it might be that
your hair's falling out
and your leg hurts, and
they could be connected,
but we see them differently.
You go to a cardiologist
for your heart.
You go to a gastroenterologist
for your stomach.
And nobody's looking
at the whole anymore.
That's why holistic medicine,
or natural practitioners, we're
looking at everything.
We're looking at the whole
elephant, not just the tail.
Right?
And so when you take
the time to listen,
the answers are always there.
And guess where most
of the answers are?
They're coming from the patient.
Not from all the tests.
It's cool.
I like to see it.
I find interesting things.
And they're, like,
how did nobody
see this for the last 30 years?
And they're angry.
How did they miss it?
How did they--
It's because I listened,
to be able to know what
test I needed to be able to do.
But the answer ultimately
came from the patient.
By asking again and again,
well, I have this ache.
Well, when did it start?
Well, why do you have this?
Well, I have autoimmune disease.
Well, why do you have
autoimmune disease?
Well, I don't know.
So we keep asking why.
And the truth is,
is that if you keep
asking why, why,
why, far enough back,
it usually stems from an
emotional, spiritual issue.
It really does.
So all this physical stuff
that we love to play in--
I love genetics,
and epigenetics,
and all the molecules,
and nutraceuticals,
and our formulating,
and do all these things.
I love energy
medicine and all that.
But it really comes
back to energy.
Not a device.
Not an nutraceutical.
What's wrong in that
patient's field that's not
allowing their body to heal?
And so, you know, I use
apitherapy, bee venom therapy,
for rheumatoid arthritis
and MS, with great effect.
Great effect, for
those patients that
aren't quite willing to
go all the steps back
that we might want to do.
But it's interesting to me that
the longer I practice medicine,
the easier it becomes.
Because it's not a plethora of
a bunch of things going wrong.
It's usually a
few simple things,
but they're the deep hidden
things that you really
have to listen to find.
And you fix that, and
all kinds of things
get better, that
you're, like, I,
again, as a physician,
mechanically, neurologically,
and hormonally, I
don't see how that just
happened in that moment.
But it did.
And that's far beyond
our traditional medicine,
and traditional ways
of looking at things.
That's the exciting part.
We're amazing.
These human bodies,
we are amazing.
And if we get out of our own
way, and out of our own head,
and get back where we
should be-- into our heart,
and into the places that
allow healing-- then
it's miraculous what can happen.
>>REGINA: Well, indeed.
And I just can't
tell you how much
I appreciate not only your
wisdom, but your commitment.
Your commitment to
really seeking the truth
behind healing, for each
individual and collectively.
And I have a feeling we'll
be seeing a lot more of you
around here.
>>WORDEN: I appreciate it.
Thank you so much, Regina.
>>REGINA: Thank you, Donese.
I hope you found
these conversations
enlightening and empowering.
Taking the fear out of
a startling diagnosis
is what this
information is about.
To learn more about
Dr. Worden's work,
you can go to her website at
drworden, W-O-R-D-E-N, .com.
Until next time, thank you
for joining us here at Gaia.
[THEME MUSIC]